[Applause]
[Music]
clever
[Applause]
give me some shell
i gotcha
uh
[Applause]
[Music]
ah
my whole life i trained to become a
guardian of the dragon gem
but this world has changed
and its people are divided
now to restore peace i must find
the last dragon my name
is rayah
you're getting a little too big for this
bud
[Music]
ladies and gentlemen my name is captain
jefferson kyle kidd and i'm here tonight
to read the news from across this great
world of ours
so they pay you to tell stories i ain't
never heard of that as a thing a man can
do
it's not a rich man's occupation as you
can see
hi stop stop i'm not gonna hurt you
do you understand english
says your name is johanna leonberger
indians took you when they attack your
family six years prior the mother of
father and sister warren
well they passed
she's got family down in castroville
captain why are you doing this
she needs to laugh and dream she needs
new memories
roads closed is that the law it is now
captain you johanna
i do not have a clue as to the care of a
child
it's a photograph
that's my wife
you can certainly handle a horse
that there's a horse
captain make no mistake
captain where it is she's that captive
out of wichita falls
what do you want how much you offer this
child is not for sale
so she thinks she's an indian now
she's something in between ladies and
gentlemen
these are stories of men and women very
much like you
waiting for better days to come
ah you can't have her and i'm taking her
home
there's something cursed about this land
our family moved west on a promise
a promise that now looked rotten
there's no room for boys in this family
anymore
and no one warned my brother about what
can happen
when you dream about destiny that's how
alison wells
entered this story
[Music]
the thief and murderer allison wells
sent five human souls to heaven if you
see this woman
do not confront her
okay
somebody's gonna pay me 20 000 to get
them to mexico can you even imagine that
much money
we got to get all the farmers and we got
to search
i need to get out of here you're hunting
me
you found her ain't ya the wolf's lady
it's complicated you know the worst part
of dying is king
is being forgotten
[Music]
it's not safe me being here
or for any of us for that matter i won't
be another victim of their lives
scared ass yeah me too
[Music]
the average person lives 27 375 days
that's all we get if we're lucky we just
wanted to come over and say hi
that first night we were standing
natural
i am usually very witty and charming
bring it all right
[Music]
worse than the how about this no i'm
abort
[Music]
this is a horrible idea for a date also
this is a date
no
move in with me i will kick you out if
you suck to live with it
jen your man i know right i would serve
this in my restaurant
chop chop chef all right
[Music]
i didn't know how much i could love
actually love until i met you
i've never wanted anything more than for
you to be my wife
this is all i want on my wedding day
oh
hey if we get bad news we should get a
dog
don't say that we're getting good news
he's ours
they found cancer and it spread we don't
have much time left
[Applause]
[Music]
maybe we skip all of it the wedding just
feels like a lot right now
we knew that this was gonna be hard i am
in this with you i
can't do this to you you don't get to
choose when i tap out
do i get to choose not alone not anymore
this is gonna be the happiest day of our
lives
[Music]
thank you for showing me what living is
what home is
you make me feel like i can do anything
well he can do anything
someone on five chances i don't see next
year four out of five you do
[Music]
every morning i wake up and i choose
i you us
you got the steps
you got the notes but where's the zazz
baby what is going on
who are you people oh my god that's
ah surely you know who i am
where is my sweet we don't have a sweet
now do you have a suite
[Music]
we have come to this community
on behalf of a young girl i just want to
go to prom like any other kid
all opposed
not alone
and you do have friends and we are ride
or die
where are they okay well let's give this
girl a prom
in the end there will be a kick-ass prom
in edgewater indiana for everybody i
know what
[Music]
you killed my daughter and destroyed my
family
i don't know who you are but i'm coming
for you
you're a good man arthur a silent
warrior
i am protected
i've always had a gut feeling that there
was some
link between here and what happened
to your family you're going to find them
arthur
i know you will
they know i'm here no one's recording
you right now
you sure the people controlling all this
they're bringing people here they're
changing their names
so lucky to be here there's an entire
underground bunker
the people here in wonder they're all
trapped
what does it have to do with you they
kill my daughter
we're pinning down the truth
i never wanted blood on my hands
he's going to end up hurting himself or
someone else
it's a war jimmy
between the dark and the light
[Music]
and on the light jimmy
everything in here was stolen and they
put me in charge of finding out who took
it
and who sold it to the nazis
this was just found in goring's hidden
collection
it's a familiar i'm captain joseph
pillar of the allied provisional
government
during the war what did you do tried to
survive like everybody else
sold to rice marshall hermann guring for
more than 1.5 million
gilders i need to know where this
vermeer came from
everyone likes han he's the life of the
party what germans attended his party
i never said they did he went to one of
his parties i went to a lot of parties
joe
and you left collaboration with the
enemy it's a council offense
they're shooting people in the streets
this
is your chance at redemption and yet i
am sensing that perhaps it is you who
needs redemption
ministry of justice i've heard you snack
the big fish
he'll take it from here come on
this guy is an honorary nazi so let him
swing with the rest of them
i am an artist not a nazi spot
did he offer you some money how much
does it cost
to buy joe pill
[Music]
why'd you care so much about this man
he's not the man really
it's the fact that he's innocent
for one a two uh you know what to do
let's be an empty world without the
blues
[Music]
i try to take that emptiness and fill it
up with something
but they want to call me mother blues
that's all right with me it don't hurt
none
red outside where's the uh the horn
player
i got a friend come on levy you rehearse
like everybody else i'm gonna give me
a bad and make me some records i know
how to play real music not this jug man
nicole that's playing music i know what
i'm doing gonna fire me i don't care
when i got there they began
that's to get the people's attention
that's when you and slow drag come in
with the rhythm part
me and cutler play on the break
the sooner you understand it and what
you say is what my state account
we'll be ready to go in 15 minutes we'll
be ready to go madam says we're ready to
go and that's the way it go around here
[Music]
man in the world got to do his part i'm
going to tell the white man just what he
can do
[Music]
they're not the right songs but i'll
take them off your hands for you
i got my time coming to me
you don't know nothing about what kind
of blood i got what kind of heart i got
beat here
wonderful we got that boys
man it's awesome wells
of course it is i think it's time we
talk
what is it the writer says tell the
story you know
[Music]
hello everyone make yourself to home mr
menkowitz or shall i call you herman
please call me man
meg frank mink this is herman mankowitz
but where to call him meng
bankowitz herman mankowitz new york
playwright and drama creation humble
screenwriter mr hurst this is a business
where the buyer gets nothing for his
money but a memory
what he bought still belongs to the man
who sold it that's the real magic of the
movies
thunder like blood fire religion
someone saved me all in one film
that's director program that's why i
always want man corral
i hear you're hunting dangerous game
god bless william randolph hurst
ready and willing to hunt the great
white whale just call me
ahab do come in at this rate you will
never finish
you said 90 days well sit 60 i'm doing
the best i can
i've put up with your suicidal drinking
your compulsive gambling your silly
platonic affairs
you owe me herman who do you
think you are you're nothing but a
caught jester
what i want to know is what you think of
it it's a bit of a jumble
the collection of fragments that leap
around in time like mexican jumping
beans welcome to my mind old sock
him i get but what did marion ever do to
deserve it it's
not her not all characters are
headliners
some are secondary you pick a fight with
willy you are finished
mayor can't save you nobody can
especially the boy genius from new york
i removed any distraction eliminated
every excuse
your family your cronies liquor i gave
you a
second chance you cannot capture a man's
entire life in two hours
all you can hope is to leave the
impression than what
why hurst outside his own blonde betty
boop you're always his favorite dinner
partner
are you familiar with the parable of the
organ grinders
monkey
all right well i never thought i'd be
saying
the last mission before mars and yet
here we are
making last preparations for the long
journey
we've been to the moon we're going to
mars
you have a daughter right yes
[Music]
i think you ought to ask him to lighten
your phone
[Music]
you know this is no place for a kid here
you're gonna have to cut the cord
you're gonna be gone in a month
[Music]
there's no such thing as a perfect
astronaut
just like there's no such thing as a
perfect mother
six five four
three two one
[Music]
zero
the undisputed lightweight champion of
the world the greatest fighter
in the history of the sport one of the
most polarizing athletes in all of
sports
liquid yes
i know he's back in your life helping
you follow your dreams
what's up i'm with my boy jet here about
to be arrested for child abuse
that's right mama's boy holy
crap but because of him how's that feel
you've had to suffer
suffer no they learn
[Music]
hard work
adversity that's how winners are made
things never stops and i always feel
like a film
don't forget you're the most wonderful
loving giving brother this might be the
worst push-ups i've ever seen
well yeah i learned it from you
thanks for including me always sport
gotcha fight he's got a bright future
let's
[Music]
you're laughing what is that
you've been offered another fight
unfortunately it's against me
the most controversial fight in wfa
history
between cash boykins and his 18 year old
son jeff
every 18 year old kid out there deserves
a good old-fashioned ass whoopin
he's been saying that exact same line to
me since i was three you about to dance
with the devil huh
pray i never end up like you you won't
tomorrow night you've died
i've told this story so many times it's
almost like it's a fantasy
this was real this is real
[Music]
you know we both deserve to be happy are
you happy
yeah sure oh that's convincing why are
we even together anymore
we have a newborn baby we just closed
escrow you want to split up
to everything there is a season
in time to be born
and a time to die
she was dark from the beginning of time
almost i will wait
for you what do you think happens when
you die
what if it's some extension or
manifestation of your fears
what's happening to
it's too me you're not dead yet
[Music]
adrian wake up wake up
this wasn't the beginning of the end
this was the moment when i told you
i love you
[Music]
you